---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azureakscommand Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A terraform provider to run commands inside AKS through Azure API. It doesn't require any connection to the AKS.
  See https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/command-invoke for more information.
---

# azureakscommand Provider

A terraform provider to run commands inside AKS through Azure API. It doesn't require any connection to the AKS.

See https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/command-invoke for more information.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "azureakscommand" {
  # properties can be lookup from environment.
}


# If Azure CLI is used for auth, tenant_id and subscription_id needs to be passed from azurerm provider
provider "azurerm" {
  features {}
}

data "azurerm_subscription" "current" {}

provider "azureakscommand" {
  tenant_id       = data.azurerm_subscription.current.tenant_id
  subscription_id = data.azurerm_subscription.current.subscription_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `client_certificate_password` (String, Sensitive) The password associated with the Client Certificate. For use when authenticating as a Service Principal using a Client Certificate. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE_PASSWORD` or `AZURE_CERTIFICATE_PASSWORD` Environment Variables.
- `client_certificate_path` (String, Sensitive) The path to the Client Certificate associated with the Service Principal for use when authenticating as a Service Principal using a Client Certificate. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE_PATH` or `AZURE_CERTIFICATE_PATH` Environment Variables.
- `client_id` (String) The Client ID which should be used. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_ID` or `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` Environment Variables.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Client Secret which should be used. For use When authenticating as a Service Principal using a Client Secret. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_SECRET` or `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` Environment Variables.
- `disable_terraform_partner_id` (Boolean) Disable sending the Terraform Partner ID if a custom partner_id isn't specified, which allows Microsoft to better understand the usage of Terraform. The Partner ID does not give the author any direct access to usage information. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_DISABLE_TERRAFORM_PARTNER_ID` environment variable. Defaults to `false`.
- `environment` (String) The Cloud Environment which should be used. Possible values are `public`, `usgovernment`, and `china`. Defaults to `public`. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_ENVIRONMENT` or `AZURE_ENVIRONMENT` Environment Variables.
- `msi_endpoint` (String) The path to a custom endpoint for Managed Service Identity - in most circumstances, this should be detected automatically. This can also, be sourced from the `ARM_MSI_ENDPOINT` or `MSI_ENDPOINT` Environment Variable.
- `oidc_request_token` (String) The bearer token for the request to the OIDC provider. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_OIDC_REQUEST_TOKEN` or `ACTIONS_ID_TOKEN_REQUEST_TOKEN` Environment Variables.
- `oidc_request_url` (String) The URL for the OIDC provider from which to request an ID token. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_OIDC_REQUEST_URL` or `ACTIONS_ID_TOKEN_REQUEST_URL` Environment Variables.
- `oidc_token` (String, Sensitive) The ID token when authenticating using OpenID Connect (OIDC). This can also be sourced from the `ARM_OIDC_TOKEN` environment Variable.
- `oidc_token_file_path` (String) The path to a file containing an ID token when authenticating using OpenID Connect (OIDC). This can also be sourced from the `ARM_OIDC_TOKEN_FILE_PATH` or `AZURE_FEDERATED_TOKEN_FILE` environment Variable.
- `partner_id` (String) A GUID/UUID registered with Microsoft to facilitate partner resource usage attribution). This can also be sourced from the `ARM_PARTNER_ID` Environment Variable. Supported formats are `<guid>` / `pid-<guid>` (GUIDs registered in Partner Center) and `pid-<guid>-partnercenter` (for published [commercial marketplace Azure apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/marketplace/azure-partner-customer-usage-attribution#commercial-marketplace-azure-apps)).
- `subscription_id` (String) The Subscription ID which should be used. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_SUBSCRIPTION_ID` or `AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID` Environment Variables.
- `tenant_id` (String) The Tenant ID which should be used. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_TENANT_ID` or `AZURE_TENANT_ID` Environment Variables.
- `use_msi` (Boolean) Allowed Managed Service Identity be used for Authentication.
- `use_oidc` (Boolean) Should OIDC be used for Authentication? This can also be sourced from the `ARM_USE_OIDC` Environment Variable. Defaults to `false`.
